If you're a jeweler and want to save lakhs on model and product shoots or use AI in the simplest way, this one is for you. Introducing Jewelia, the world's first AI WhatsApp bot for jewelers. No app, no complicated software, no prompts. Just WhatsApp and your phone. Jewelia comes with eight powerful features. First, put jewelry on models. Second, try jewelry on customers. Third, change the gemstone colors. Fourth, create catalog images. Fifth, fetch diamond rakes. Sixth, give your own prompts. Seventh, fetch gold and silver rings. And lastly, bulk catalog generation. All of this with just a phone clicked image and under 100 seconds. Super easy to use. You can either get it for yourself or for your staff. So here's how it works. After buying the subscription, you will be redirected to WhatsApp. Simply say hi to Julia to begin your journey. For example, let's select put on a model feature. You choose the jewelry type click a picture from your phone or upload an image wait for a minute and boom! Magic created! We even sent the image as a document so the quality is not compromised. The same process works for catalog images as well. You upload a jewelry image and get a clean professional catalog image in under 100 seconds. Another interesting feature is changing gemstones color. Let's say you want to change a ruby into a yellow sapphire. Upload your image and within a minute the gemstone color is changed. Now let's say you want to create bulk catalog images for your website, stock or social media you can select the bulk generation feature upload up to 30 images wait for a minute or so and your catalog images are ready. No editing, no studio, no hassle. You can also try jewelry on your customers. Upload your customer's photo upload the jewelry image and within 100 seconds the jewelry is placed on the customer. After all this, let's say you want something very specific. In that case, Julia also allows custom prompts. Choose the give your prompt feature, upload your jewelry image and then give a prompt. For example, let's create a Diwali post for Rishi Emrath Sons. And in around a minute, boom, your festive post is ready. Lastly, Julia also helps you fetch diamond rates closest to market rates. Enter the required details like shape, color, clarity, carat, discount, And boom, get instant pricing guidance. You can also fetch gold and silver rates for your city directly on WhatsApp. AI video services. Now I'm sure many of you want to create videos like this as well. While Julia does not generate AI videos yet, I run an AI agency dedicated to jewelers to create professional product and model videos. Details for the agency will only be available to Julia users inside the bot. Now let's talk pricing plans. We provide four very simple plans, all features included in every plan. We have the basic plan, the growth plan, the industry leader plan and the industry giant plan. This means not only you but even your team can use Julia easily. Steps to subscribe. First, you create your account. Second, choose the plan that suits you the best. We also provided trial, generate up to 15 images and if you don't like it, you can get a full refund. Third, pay using UPI cards or other options. Fourth, click the WhatsApp link or save the number. Fifth, start creating magic. You also get a proper dashboard upon logging in where you can see how many images or tokens are left for the month. So if you're a jeweler like me who wants to get ahead, save lakhs on shoots and use AI in the simplest way possible, Julia is for you. Very limited slots are available right now so quickly get started and say hi to Julia from my side.

Transcribed by https://www.uniscribe.co